docs: update AGENTS.md (#3326)
dailydotdev/daily-api: src/graphorm/AGENTS.md

            .limit(1);
          return builder;
        },

>         true // readReplica: Use read replica for better performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        true // for better performance for read queries are required, take into account potential replication lag if doing reads right after writes
```
